JP-3119: Add special refpix treatment for NIRSpec "edgeless" subarrays (#7598)
spacetelescope/jwst: docs/jwst/refpix/description.rst

  are populated when the ``dq_init`` step is run, so it is important to run that
  step before running the ``refpix`` step on subarray data.

>   Additionally, certain NIRSpec subarrays (SUB32, SUB512 and SUB512S) do not read out
>   any detector edges, leading to a lack of default reference pixels in the subarray.
>   For these subarrays, we assign the first and last four columns the "REFERENCE_PIXEL"
>   DQ flag, as they should not receive any incoming light with the filter/grating combinations
>   for which they are approved for use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Additionally, certain NIRSpec subarrays (SUB32, SUB512 and SUB512S) do not include
  any physical reference pixels in their readouts.
  For these subarrays, the first and last four image columns should not receive
  any incoming light with the filter+grating combinations for which they are
  approved for use, hence they can be used in place of actual reference pixels.
  The step assigns the "REFERENCE_PIXEL" DQ flag to these image columns,
  which then causes them to be used to perform the reference pixel correction.
```
